So for this error message in the input component we're getting the text from outside.
But I want to control the style from inside.
So here in the end I will wrap this text here in a view component simply to have more styling options
you could say and assign a style here of air or container maybe and on the text itself all assign a
style of air or text but these identifiers as always are totally up to you.
I also don't always want to show it as if it's invalid but instead I want to show it if it's invalid
end this input has been touched.
That's why I'm managing this touched state so that the user at least has a chance of entering something
before I yell at him.
So now air container and error text can be added and of course you are totally free to stall this in
whatever way you want.
I'll give the arrow container a margin vertical of let's say five and then for the error text here again
up to you I will assign a fun family of open sands here a color of red maybe and a font size of 14 to
give it a little bit smaller or 13 and how is that what you'll see if this reloads and let's test this
on Android as well of course not just on I.
So if we wait for this to load on Android
There we go to admin and unfortunately the android emulator is a bit slower which is why this takes
a bit longer.
And we add a new product here.
Now first of all you would try to submit it like this.
I get an error as it should be the case.
And if I start entering here I can do that.
However please note that after a touch the image and input if it's invalid I get an error.
And that's exactly how it should be the case.
So I can enter all of this.
Now we have another issue my keyboard is overlapping the description inputs it will have to fix this.
First of all let me enter something valid into all the other inputs.
Even if it's an invalid image you are L we're not checking whether it's have valid you are L here just
whether it's some text at all.
So I don't care about the exact you or L validation here of course you could add a regular expression
check for this but now I'll just enter some valid input into all these fields and thereafter if I hit
save here this is saved and also can be found here at the bottom and it did create two here one behind
the scenes but this is where it is coming from.
Let's now make sure that we can all the reach all inputs and for this back and he had a product screen
I'll use a component which you already saw earlier in the course I'll remove these two imports which
we don't need anymore and instead at the keyboard a widening view to make sure we can always reach all
our inputs.
And now does keyboard avoiding view here can be used in the edit product screen who can be wrapped around
our scroll view like this
around the entire scroll view.
And there you might don't want to play around with how you configure disregarding that behavior.
You can all use the platform API to use a different behavior for different platforms.
All will try padding here and add a keyboard word Nicole offset all.
Let's say one hundred two add a lot of padding so that we really move up all the inputs quite a bit
because there they're rather large with a label we have that the input itself which isn't super small
so I definitely want to move it up quite a bit.
And in addition and that's important you need to add a style here and I'll quickly add inline style
here.
Of course you could also use to stalls sheet and add flex one here and that's super important.
You need to add this to the keyboard avoiding view which you wrap around your scroll view to have an
effect because it basically needs to reserve for itself the entire screen size.
There is a scroll view in there and that will still be able to scroll but you also need that now with
that let's say give this a try on Android but since this takes a bit lot load I'll also quickly have
a look at ISIS.
And there you see you still can scroll unfortunately your keyboard isn't even close to our description
by the way we can add multiple lines there as well as you see.
But now let's have a look at our
Android app here
go to the admins action there
and in there if I go to my description here you'll see this is now moved up.
If I'm in the image you are El typing some stuff there now click into description does is reachable
now.
So now with dead we make sure that we can always reach all the inputs which of course is important in
an application.
You want to make sure that you can reach all your inputs.
We're validating the data we're saving the data and we're doing this in a highly reusable way.